Add semantic search tutorials (#9308)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _ml-commons-plugin/tutorials/rag/rag-deepseek-chat.md

4. Enter the IAM role ARN created in Step 3.1 in the **Backend roles** field, as shown in the following image.
    ![Mapping a backend role]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/images/vector-search-tutorials/mapping_iam_role_arn.png)
4. Select **Map**. 

The IAM role is now successfully configured in your OpenSearch cluster.

## Step 4: Create a connector

Follow these steps to create a connector for the DeepSeek chat model. For more information about creating a connector, see [Connectors]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/remote-models/connectors/).

### Step 4.1: Get temporary credentials

Use the credentials of the IAM user specified in Step 3.1 to assume the role:

```bash
aws sts assume-role --role-arn your_iam_role_arn_created_in_step3.1 --role-session-name your_session_name
```
{% include copy.html %}

Copy the temporary credentials from the response and configure them in `~/.aws/credentials`:

```ini
[default]
AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=your_access_key_of_role_created_in_step3.1
AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=your_secret_key_of_role_created_in_step3.1
AWS_SESSION_TOKEN=your_session_token_of_role_created_in_step3.1
```
{% include copy.html %}

### Step 4.2: Create a connector

> Add the DeepSeek API endpoint to trusted URLs:

Author: ```suggestion
Add the DeepSeek API endpoint to the trusted URL list:
```
